gh-135244: use CSPRNG for random UUID node ID (#135226)
python/cpython: Doc/library/uuid.rst

   positive integers of 48, 12 and 62 bits respectively. If they exceed
   their expected bit count, only their least significant bits are kept;
   non-specified arguments are substituted for a pseudo-random integer of

>    appropriate size. Note that *a*, *b* and *c* are generated by PRNG (not CSPRNG)
>    so use UUIDv4 if you are generating a token or verification code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   appropriate size.

   By default, *a*, *b* and *c* are generated by a non-cryptographically
   secure pseudo-random number generator (CSPRNG). Use :func:`uuid4` when
   a UUID needs to be used in a security-sensitive context.
```
